# Twisted-Rites

Description: A Fantasy First Person Shooter that focuses on presenting the player with odd weapons.

Story: In a village surrounded by tall mountains, there was a peaceful God that was praised by those villagers living there. Eventually, the village was engaged with a war between multiple tribes, slowly the peaceful lives of these villagers began to change, young men were conscripted to fight in their wars, civilians rationed supplies to support the war effort and so on. None of things bothered the God, they were defending themselves against invading forces. The God only took offense when this peaceful village sought out conflict against weaker tribes that the God decided to distant itself from the village. This distance did not deter the war mongering leaders of the village and simply used it's silence to weaponize their newly founded empire. Sacred scriptures had been rewritten to fit the empire's violent agenda to accept human sacrifices as a means of removing political enemies and criminals with the excuse that this nameless God is energized by sacrificed and it does, a peaceful God however will not use the souls as energy.

Mechanics: The player can move in a three dimensional space, jump, crouch, and shoot. When the player shoots they lose ammo. The player can also switch weapons by pressing the 1 and 2 number keys. An enemy is present that shoots white spheres at the player. When the white spheres touch the player they lose health indicated by the health bar at the bottom left of the screen when the player run out of health a menu will appear with text that states "Game Over" and will have two buttons to press, "Try Again" which restarts the scene and "Quit" which exits the application.
